[15.0][ADD] mail_activity_plan: New module (#1304)
OCA/social: mail_activity_plan/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module allows to define activity plans linked to a model and to apply them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to define activity plans linked to any document type that allows to
plan activities, and later launch them from the documents.
```
